	Our presentation happened on April 23rd in room 351. Our group presented a project second out of all groups. Initially, we decided to introduce our presentation first, but when we came to class and upload it on computer, there were some technical problems. Fortunately, other guys took the initiative and we had some extra time to solve these problems. It took approximately one hour for each group to present their ideas and answer to the questions after.  All members tried to engage listeners because at the end of the lesson it was voting to choose the best project which should be crowdfunded.

	Our group shared the words of our presentation equally and division of task was also in the same way. I have already had experience in public speaking and team work. Moreover we had done some researches with my colleague before it.  That made us more confident  during and after presentation when it was questioning period. 

	What definitely could have been better is our presentation skills, if we spent more time on preparing. There were many times when we looked on our notes and red text the from slides. Moreover, after presentation not everyone completely understood the main idea of our project. It means that we could not convey it correctly and  took into account some information which was not necessary to tell about. . During the perfomance, the slides and my speech did not correlate too much. Sometimes, i was a little nervous when  forgot the line and started to tell something which did not really match what i wanted to speak. 	
However, there were also some good points in our presentation which i should mentioned. First one, our performance was remembered for the fact that it was more funny . From my experience, if you add some jokes between the words it will be more interesting for audience to listen you. In addition, when i collected information for slides i tried to  replace some academic words  to our  general language which understandable for everyone. I think, mostly presenters ignore this factor. 
	
	This experience has taught us a lot about how to make a good product, in terms of both theory and practice. First, presentation should not be overloaded with many different information. You should add only the main points which help you put your idea across. Secondly, take into consideration factor of timing. Thirdly, team working is one of essential parts at this kind of work, so if you or your parther makes a mistake or is not ready at all, you can help each other.

	Overall, i think our presentation was good, but there is always room for improvement. After all, it was a good experience.      
 